---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xenserver_network Data Source - xenserver"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about the network.
---

# xenserver_network (Data Source)

Provides information about the network.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "xenserver_network" "network" {
  name_label = "Pool-wide network associated with eth0"
}

output "network_output" {
  value = data.xenserver_network.network.data_items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name_label` (String) The name of the network.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the network.

### Read-Only

- `data_items` (Attributes List) The return items of networks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_items))

<a id="nestedatt--data_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_items`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_operations` (List of String) The list of the operations allowed in this state.
- `assigned_ips` (Map of String) The IP addresses assigned to VIFs on networks that have active [xapi-managed](https://github.com/xapi-project/xen-api) DHCP.
- `blobs` (Map of String) The binary blobs associated with this SR.
- `bridge` (String) The name of the bridge corresponding to this network on the local host.
- `current_operations` (Map of String) The links each of the running tasks using this object (by reference) to a current_operation enum which describes the nature of the task.
- `default_locking_mode` (String) The network will use this value to determine the behavior of all VIFs where `locking_mode = default`.
- `managed` (Boolean) True if the bridge is managed by [XAPI](https://github.com/xapi-project/xen-api).
- `mtu` (Number) The MTU in octets.
- `name_description` (String) The human-readable description of the network.
- `name_label` (String) The name of the network.
- `other_config` (Map of String) The additional configuration.
- `pifs` (List of String) The list of connected PIFs.
- `purpose` (List of String) Set of purposes for which the server will use this network.
- `tags` (List of String) The user-specified tags for categorization purposes.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the network.
- `vifs` (List of String) The list of connected VIFs.
