---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xenserver_pif Data Source - xenserver"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about the physical network interface (PIF).
---

# xenserver_pif (Data Source)

Provides information about the physical network interface (PIF).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "xenserver_pif" "pif" {
  device     = "eth0"
  management = true
}

output "pif_data_out" {
  value = data.xenserver_pif.pif.data_items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `device` (String) The machine-readable name of the physical interface (PIF). (eg. `"eth0"`)
- `management` (Boolean) Indicates whether the control software is listening for connections on this physical interface.
- `network` (String) The UUID of the virtual network to which this PIF is connected.

### Read-Only

- `data_items` (Attributes List) The return items of physical network interfaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_items))

<a id="nestedatt--data_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_items`

Read-Only:

- `bond_master_of` (List of String) Indicates this PIF represents the results of a bond(UUID).
- `bond_slave_of` (String) Indicates which bond(UUID) this interface is part of.
- `capabilities` (List of String) Additional capabilities on the interface.
- `currently_attached` (Boolean) True if this interface is online.
- `device` (String) The machine-readable name of the physical interface (PIF). (For example, `"eth0"`)
- `disallow_unplug` (Boolean) Prevent this PIF from being unplugged; set this to notify the management toolstack that the PIF has a special use and should not be unplugged under any circumstances. (For example, because you're running storage traffic over it)
- `dns` (String) Comma-separated list of the IP addresses of the DNS servers to use.
- `gateway` (String) IP gateway.
- `host` (String) The UUID of the physical machine to which this PIF is connected.
- `igmp_snooping_status` (String) The IGMP snooping status of the corresponding network bridge.
- `ip` (String) IP address.
- `ip_configuration_mode` (String) Sets if and how this interface gets an IP address.
- `ipv6` (List of String) IPv6 address.
- `ipv6_configuration_mode` (String) Sets if and how this interface gets an IPv6 address.
- `ipv6_gateway` (String) IPv6 gateway.
- `mac` (String) Ethernet MAC address of the physical interface.
- `managed` (Boolean) Indicates whether the interface is managed by [XAPI](https://github.com/xapi-project/xen-api). If it is not, then XAPI will not configure the interface, the commands PIF.plug/unplug/reconfigure_ip(v6) cannot be used, nor can the interface be bonded or have VLANs based on top through XAPI.
- `management` (Boolean) Indicates whether the control software is listening for connections on this physical interface.
- `mtu` (Number) MTU in octets.
- `netmask` (String) IP netmask.
- `network` (String) The UUID of the virtual network to which this PIF is connected.
- `other_config` (Map of String) Additional configuration.
- `pci` (String) Link to underlying PCI(UUID) device.
- `physical` (Boolean) True if this represents a physical network interface.
- `primary_address_type` (String) Which protocol should define the primary address of this interface.
- `properties` (Map of String) Additional configuration properties for the interface.
- `sriov_logical_pif_of` (List of String) Indicates which network_sriov(UUID) this interface is the logical PIF of.
- `sriov_physical_pif_of` (List of String) Indicates which network_sriov(UUID) this interface is the physical PIF of.
- `tunnel_access_pif_of` (List of String) Indicates to which tunnel(UUID) this PIF gives access.
- `tunnel_transport_pif_of` (List of String) Indicates to which tunnel(UUID) this PIF provides transport.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the storage repository.
- `vlan` (Number) VLAN tag for all traffic passing through this interface.
- `vlan_master_of` (String) Indicates which VLAN(UUID) this interface receives untagged traffic from.
- `vlan_slave_of` (List of String) Indicates which VLANs(UUID) this interface transmits tagged traffic to.
