---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xenserver_sr Data Source - xenserver"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about the storage repository (SR).
---

# xenserver_sr (Data Source)

Provides information about the storage repository (SR).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "xenserver_sr" "sr" {
  name_label = "Local storage"
}

output "local_storage_output" {
  value = data.xenserver_sr.sr.data_items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name_label` (String) The name of the storage repository.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the storage repository.

### Read-Only

- `data_items` (Attributes List) The return items of storage repositories. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_items))

<a id="nestedatt--data_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_items`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_operations` (List of String) The list of the operations allowed in this state.
- `blobs` (Map of String) The binary blobs(UUID) associated with this SR.
- `clustered` (Boolean) True if the SR is using aggregated local storage.
- `content_type` (String) The type of the SR's content, if required (for example, "ISOs").
- `current_operations` (Map of String) The links each of the running tasks using this object (by reference) to a current_operation enum which describes the nature of the task.
- `introduced_by` (String) The UUID of disaster recovery task which introduced this SR.
- `is_tools_sr` (Boolean) True if this is the SR that contains the Tools ISO VDIs.
- `local_cache_enabled` (Boolean) True if this SR is assigned to be the local cache for its host.
- `name_description` (String) The human-readable description of the storage repository.
- `name_label` (String) The name of the storage repository.
- `other_config` (Map of String) The additional configuration.
- `pbds` (List of String) The UUID list of PBDs. Describes how particular hosts can see this storage repository.
- `physical_size` (Number) The total physical size of the storage repository (in bytes).
- `physical_utilisation` (Number) The physical space currently utilized on this storage repository (in bytes).
- `shared` (Boolean) True if this SR is (capable of being) shared between multiple hosts.
- `sm_config` (Map of String) The SM dependent data.
- `tags` (List of String) The user-specified tags for categorization purposes.
- `type` (String) The type of the storage repository.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the storage repository.
- `vdis` (List of String) The UUID list of all virtual disks known to this storage repository.
- `virtual_allocation` (Number) The sum of virtual_sizes of all VDIs in this storage repository (in bytes).
