---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "xenserver_vm Data Source - xenserver"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about the virtual machine (VM).
---

# xenserver_vm (Data Source)

Provides information about the virtual machine (VM).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "xenserver_vm" "vm_data" {}

output "vm_data_out" {
  value = data.xenserver_vm.vm_data.data_items
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name_label` (String) The name of the virtual machine.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the virtual machine.

### Read-Only

- `data_items` (Attributes List) The return items of virtual machines. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_items))

<a id="nestedatt--data_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_items`

Read-Only:

- `actions_after_crash` (String) Action to take if the guest crashes.
- `actions_after_reboot` (String) Action to take after the guest has rebooted itself.
- `actions_after_shutdown` (String) Action to take after the guest has shutdown itself.
- `actions_after_softreboot` (String) Action to take after soft reboot.
- `affinity` (String) A host which the VM has some affinity for (or NULL). This is used as a hint to the start call when it decides where to run the VM. Resource constraints may cause the VM to be started elsewhere.
- `allowed_operations` (List of String) The list of the operations allowed in this state.
- `appliance` (String) The appliance to which this VM belongs.
- `attached_pcis` (List of String) Currently passed-through PCI devices.
- `bios_strings` (Map of String) BIOS strings.
- `blobs` (Map of String) Binary blobs associated with this VM.
- `blocked_operations` (Map of String) List of operations which have been explicitly blocked and an error code.
- `children` (List of String) List pointing to all the children of this VM.
- `consoles` (List of String) Virtual console devices.
- `crash_dumps` (List of String) Crash dumps associated with this VM.
- `current_operations` (Map of String) The links each of the running tasks using this object (by reference) to a current_operation enum which describes the nature of the task.
- `domain_type` (String) The type of domain that will be created when the VM is started.
- `domarch` (String) Domain architecture (if available, null string otherwise).
- `domid` (Number) Domain ID (if available, -1 otherwise).
- `generation_id` (String) Generation ID of the VM.
- `guest_metrics` (String) Metrics associated with the running guest.
- `ha_always_run` (Boolean) If true then the system will attempt to keep the VM running as much as possible.
- `ha_restart_priority` (String) Has possible values: 'best-effort' meaning 'try to restart this VM if possible but don't consider the pool to be overcommitted if this is not possible'; 'restart' meaning 'this VM should be restarted'; '' meaning 'do not try to restart this VM'.
- `hardware_platform_version` (Number) The host virtual hardware platform version the VM can run on.
- `has_vendor_device` (Boolean) When an HVM guest starts, this controls the presence of the emulated C000 PCI device which triggers Windows Update to fetch or update PV drivers.
- `hvm_boot_params` (Map of String) HVM boot parameters.
- `hvm_boot_policy` (String) HVM boot policy.
- `hvm_shadow_multiplier` (Number) Multiplier applied to the amount of shadow that will be made available to the guest.
- `is_a_snapshot` (Boolean) True if this is a snapshot. Snapshotted VMs can never be started, they are used only for cloning other VMs.
- `is_a_template` (Boolean) True if this is a template. Template VMs can never be started, they are used only for cloning other VMs.
- `is_control_domain` (Boolean) True if this is a control domain (domain 0 or a driver domain).
- `is_default_template` (Boolean) True if this is a default template. Default template VMs can never be started or migrated, they are used only for cloning other VMs.
- `is_snapshot_from_vmpp` (Boolean) True if this snapshot was created by the protection policy.
- `is_vmss_snapshot` (Boolean) True if this snapshot was created by the snapshot schedule.
- `last_boot_cpu_flags` (Map of String) Describes the CPU flags on which the VM was last booted.
- `last_booted_record` (String) Marshalled value containing VM record at time of last boot.
- `memory_dynamic_max` (Number) Dynamic maximum (bytes) of memory.
- `memory_dynamic_min` (Number) Dynamic minimum (bytes) of memory.
- `memory_overhead` (Number) Virtualization memory overhead (bytes).
- `memory_static_max` (Number) Statically-set (absolute) maximum (bytes). The value of this field at VM start time acts as a hard limit of the amount of memory a guest can use. New values only take effect on reboot.
- `memory_static_min` (Number) Statically-set (absolute) mininum (bytes). The value of this field indicates the least amount of memory this VM can boot with without crashing.
- `memory_target` (Number) Dynamically-set memory target (bytes). The value of this field indicates the current target for memory available to this VM.
- `metrics` (String) Metrics associated with this VM.
- `name_description` (String) The description of the virtual machine.
- `name_label` (String) The name of the virtual machine.
- `nvram` (Map of String) Initial value for guest NVRAM (containing UEFI variables, and so on). Cannot be changed while the VM is running.
- `order` (Number) The point in the startup or shutdown sequence at which this VM will be started.
- `other_config` (Map of String) Additional configuration.
- `parent` (String) Ref pointing to the parent of this VM.
- `pci_bus` (String) PCI bus path for pass-through devices.
- `pending_guidances` (List of String) The set of pending mandatory guidances after applying updates, which must be applied, as otherwise there may be, for example, VM failures.
- `pending_guidances_full` (List of String) The set of pending full guidances after applying updates, which a user should follow to make some updates, for example, specific hardware drivers or CPU features, fully effective, but the 'average user' doesn't need to.
- `pending_guidances_recommended` (List of String) The set of pending recommended guidances after applying updates, which most users should follow to make the updates effective, but if not followed, will not cause a failure.
- `platform` (Map of String) Platform-specific configuration.
- `power_state` (String) The current power state of the virtual machine.
- `protection_policy` (String) Ref pointing to a protection policy for this VM.
- `pv_args` (String) Kernel command-line arguments
- `pv_bootloader` (String) Name of or path to bootloader.
- `pv_bootloader_args` (String) Miscellaneous arguments for the bootloader.
- `pv_kernel` (String) Path to the kernel.
- `pv_legacy_args` (String) To make Zurich guests boot.
- `pv_ramdisk` (String) Path to the initrd.
- `recommendations` (String) An XML specification of recommended values and ranges for properties of this VM.
- `reference_label` (String) Textual reference to the template used to create a VM. This can be used by clients in need of an immutable reference to the template since the latter's uuid and name_label may change, for example, after a package installation or upgrade.
- `requires_reboot` (Boolean) Indicates whether a VM requires a reboot in order to update its configuration, for example, its memory allocation.
- `resident_on` (String) The host the VM is currently resident on.
- `scheduled_to_be_resident_on` (String) The host on which the VM is due to be started/resumed/migrated. This acts as a memory reservation indicator.
- `shutdown_delay` (Number) The delay to wait before proceeding to the next order in the shutdown sequence (seconds).
- `snapshot_info` (Map of String) Human-readable information concerning this snapshot.
- `snapshot_metadata` (String) Metadata concerning this snapshot.
- `snapshot_of` (String) Ref pointing to the VM this snapshot is of.
- `snapshot_schedule` (String) Ref pointing to a snapshot schedule for this VM.
- `snapshot_time` (String) Date/time when this snapshot was created.
- `snapshots` (List of String) List pointing to all the VM snapshots.
- `start_delay` (Number) The delay to wait before proceeding to the next order in the startup sequence (seconds).
- `suspend_sr` (String) The SR on which a suspend image is stored.
- `suspend_vdi` (String) The VDI that a suspend image is stored on. Only has meaning if VM is currently suspended.
- `tags` (List of String) User-specified tags for categorization purposes.
- `transportable_snapshot_id` (String) Transportable ID of the snapshot VM.
- `user_version` (Number) Creators of VMs and templates may store version information here.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the virtual machine.
- `vbds` (List of String) Virtual block devices.
- `vcpus_at_startup` (Number) Boot number of VCPUs.
- `vcpus_max` (Number) Max number of VCPUs.
- `vcpus_params` (Map of String) Configuration parameters for the selected VCPU policy.
- `version` (Number) The number of times this VM has been recovered.
- `vgpus` (List of String) Virtual GPUs.
- `vifs` (List of String) Virtual network interfaces.
- `vtpms` (List of String) Virtual TPMs.
- `vusbs` (List of String) Virtual USB devices.
- `xenstore_data` (Map of String) Data to be inserted into the xenstore tree (/local/domain/<domid>/vm-data) after the VM is created.
